In terms of words to say
that your audience will remember and appreciate
when you're answering questions,
I want you to be real
and I want you to be personable in your presentation
when you're answering questions.
So here's some words or phrases to use
when answering questions, okay?
And these are really fun and easy to do
because only you know the answer, nobody else.
Here are the examples, okay?
When I grew up in, put in your country name,
my mother or father used to tell me that, okay?
Another one is this.
My older sister is also a student there.
My little brother works there as well.
My grandfather used to always tell me
that I should never take a shortcut
that I've never taken before when I'm in a hurry
and that's why I'm seven hours late
for today's presentation.
I threw in the last part, sorry.
It's a bad joke.
Or you say this, in Canada, we also did the same thing
growing up but the only difference was this.
Okay, so why am I mentioning all of this?
Because I want you to make the Q&A experience personable
so you don't sound like a robot, okay,
and you want these people in the audience
to remember you as a person with character
and diversity and you're interesting.
So just be interesting, okay?
And it's fascinating because with my in-class students,
whenever I make them present,
the best part of the presentation
is when they speak naturally during the Q&A session, right?
And I always get them to bring in
personal experiences of theirs as well, right,
and it just, it makes 'em more real and more enjoyable.
I mean, there's a reason why reality TV
is so popular I guess, okay?
Separately, use the person's name when answering questions.
People love the sound of their name, okay,
but more importantly,
I really want you to connect with that person
and with the audience in general
and be humble and self-deprecating.
Poke fun of yourself a bit.
It's a really admirable quality and arrogance is not, okay?
So if somebody asked you a very complimentary question,
you can answer it by also saying
that your shortcomings are this
or you learned how to do this
because you fail a lot because this in the past,
that sort of thing, whatever.
I always believe that you can learn a lot
through other people's failures
like you might work for somebody right now or in the past
that should not be managing people, right?
They're awful managers and you know exactly what I mean
but you know what, you learn from them.
You learn what not to do.
Okay.
And lastly, when you're answering questions
and when you're presenting in general,
please please please be upbeat, be personable
and structure your logic in a very simple way
potentially using the frameworks we spoke about
and also be humble, thank you.